alright if you guys saw my last video um
yeah my hair is blonde good reason good
reason is that I lost a bit ok that's
not a good reason but still I thought I
could win that bet for sure but yeah I
lost so now I have to keep this up for
one month and I guess this week no I
think next week's the last week so yeah
side the truth this month well almost
one month has been a living hell I can't
even go in public without being looked
at it wasn't really just staring they
were actually mugging so it's not just
like just making eye contact they were
actually just making a face like like
they wanna like beat me up or something
for some reason it's like it's illegal
to dye your hair blonde for Asians from
those people that look at me or mug at
me it's just other people but like 75
percent of the people that look at me
are Asians and they know anime alright
the asians that we're looking at me they
don't really mug at me or anything it's
just that they actually come up to me
and say something at me about my hair
something like oh you look like Naruto
his power level is over 9000 and you
watch bleed too much bleach because like
you know the main character in which
they look just like you do you know
bleach yeah you know it should go you
know yeah hey could we ask you what's up
how many hot dogs have you eaten they do
don't know you know sephiroth or tifo or
you fear or Vincent or or maybe Zack to
you look just like Roxas from kingdom
hearts how do you do that here I want to
do that here why come on where's your
Keyblade where's your Keyblade where's
your key play it's just funny cause like
it's just the one type of hairstyle and
I get different opinions from other
people it's like what their desi and me
okay cuz like I don't really see how
this hair could look just like an enemy
character a video game character
ok now the weirdest thing is that when
um my friend see me that's the weirdest
part when I meet up with my friends it's
like they see me doing something but
it's like I guess it's all in their
heads like they're hallucinating that
I'm actually like an enemy character of
video game character or yeah they're
hallucinating about like when they see
me they actually think I need that type
of person I'll show you an example hey
do so what so what nothing just that I
thought I saw you what doll but there's
something in my face something is there
cuz like seems like there's something on
my face ok now how did that thing become
small bong hi all right now that's not
even a keyblade I know that this isn't a
keyblade hmm but this is all right don't
even tell me you can even turn Super
Saiyan
happy yeah um I'm so glad that I'm about
to dye my hair back uh oh my got one
more week well I don't know cause like
I'm getting accustomed to this hair and
I know for some reason I kind of think I
like it but I don't know it's too unreal
for other people and I don't like being
mugged at forced-air dead or being
fantasized about um but yeah if you guys
comment or message about what you guys
think I don't know I'll think about it
so yeah uh yes that's it and all right